# reg_assignments-hfung8
## Assignment
* title: **goodnbad**
* **Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went poorly.**<br>
I worked for a program called The Coding Space and it was taught at Trevor Day school on the Upper West Side. The program that we were teaching was a new one called Woof JS and it was supposed to be a stepping stone between Scratch JS and JavaScript. I was well versed in JavaScript at the time but did not have as much knowledge on Woof JS. This caused some issues for me because I feel as though I need to be prepared before each class in order for the class to go nicely. The class was self-run and the students worked on their individual work. They were following the program that The Coding Space had set up for them. I tried helping two students with their issues but they kept asking the other teachers for help. The students I was trying to help were also the loudest ones in the classroom and they were vocal about getting help. I eventually sat down with them again and tried to help them out by breaking down what they were trying to do and to see where the issue was. They were both almost done with their assignment and just wanted it to be finished. Eventually, I managed to help them finish their assignment, it took up most of the class but they were both pleased with the end result. 
* **Why do you think it didn't go to well?**<br>
I wasn't well versed enough in Woof JS and did not know what the setup was going to be like in the classroom. The students who were vocal were causing a disruption in the classroom by being loud.  
* **What would you have do (have you done) to make it better?**<br>
I noticed that the students who are the most vocal aren't necessarily trying to give you a hard time about their work. They are usually frustrated with a piece of the assignment and they need help to get through it. If they are ignored, they will continue to be vocal in the classroom, which will disrupt the flow. I have noticed this in different settings and now I try to help them out patiently.   
* **Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went really well.**<br>
I was going over the homework assignment during class with a group of students in the coding bootcamp. It was the beginning of the bootcamp but many of them were eager to learn how to finish the first assignment, which was a password generator. The program was very fast and the students had to keep up with the pace of the material, it was a full time program with classes starting at 9:30 am until 3:00 pm everyday except weekends. The students were happy to get the first assignment, most of them wanted to do really well. This was not my first time teaching the program, I had solved the the assignment on my own and I shared my knowledge with the students. The session went well and I was happy to help them out. 
* **Why do you think it went so well?**<br>
I think that the first homework is very important, in order for students to build confidence and to be able to get help once they need it. I felt prepared for this because I had finished the assignment previously on my own. I was able to be there for the students and to share my knowledge with them. 
